Let's look at the solution to the gear position exercise.
We're going to import the SparkSession class,
and then we're going to create a SparkSession.
Using that balance-events name, we're going to create it.
We're going to set our log level to one.
We're going to take the DataFrame from
a SparkSession using the readStream, format of Kafka.
We're going to set our bootstrap servers to localhost 9092,
subscribe to the gear position topic,
set our offsets to earliest, and load.
Then we're going to convert the DataFrame binary format to strings,
and cast the key into a new variable called
truckId and the value into a variable called gearPosition.
We're going to take that data frame,
create a view called gearPosition,
then we're going to select from the gearPosition into a new DataFrame.
We're actually going to take that DataFrame,
and put the data into a new Kafka topic.
I'm going to cd to home/workspace/spark.
Please make sure Spark and Kafka are running before you run this.
Then I'm going to LS and I'm going to do./submit-gear-position.solution.sh.
First thing it does is load all of the libraries.
Then it's going to start-up Spark,
then runs the Spark application.
You will notice there's no output,
the data is actually going to Kafka right now.
In order to see the data,
we have to pull from a Kafka topic.
I'm going to clear my terminal here,
and we'll do that. I'm going to cd data/Kafka/bin.
I'm going to do start, Kafka-console-consumer.
I'm going to say dash dash bootstrap-server-localhost:9092.
Topic is gear-position-updates in my case.
Then I'm going to say dash dash from-beginning.
We should see the data that's going into Kafka.
There's the value, that's the gear position which is reverse, drive, neutral.
Those are my options.
These are for various different keys.
This utility only displays the value not the key,
so you're not seeing the truckId.
Now, I'm going to break out of this,
Control C will leave the console consumer.
I'm going to stop the Spark application with Control C.